
1. Test SpectacularAi example from [here](https://github.com/SpectacularAI/sdk-examples/tree/main/python/oak/ros2)
	1. NOTE: pip install spectacularAI does not work for arm64. 
	2. For arm64, packages have to specially be requested from SpectacularAI, and may not be used in industry. Requested repository can be found [here](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1CkfK5594vkrYop7BzxzaZOn2bspNcvVg/view) 

# 1. Installing SpectacularAI (Khadas Vim4 (aarch64))

1. Follow [this](obsidian://open?vault=Nuc_Obsidian_Vault&file=2.3.%20Testing%20OAK-D%20Pro%20W%20RGBD%20CAM) link to install oak-d stuff

## 1.1. Installing and Running SpectacularAI_depthaiPlugin_Python VIO

To install spectacularAI_depthaiPlugin_Python VIO and Mapping Stuff (Follow readme file from downloaded folder)

2. Create workspace folder called SpecAI_depthAI_Project
3. Open this workspace diretory in terminal
4. create virtual environment (Dont need to do this. maybe just install globally/on device, else the mapping gives problems. I think the ros2 folder is supposed to be put inside the virtual environment folder):
```Shell
	python3 -m venv spectacularai_env
	source spectacularai_env/bin/activate
```
5. check python version (need this for selecting correct plugin installation)
```Shell
python --version
```
6. Move content from downloaded spectacularAI_depthaiPlugin_Python_1.37.0_aarch64 folder into workspace
7. Install the plugin from the workspace directory (Following the readme file from downloaded folder)
```Shell
pip install wheels/spectacularAI-1.37.0-cp310-cp310-manylinux_2_17_aarch64.manylinux2014_aarch64.whl
```
8. Then also run the following:
```Shell
pip install spectacularAI[full]
```
9. Install dependencies:
```Shell
pip install matplotlib
```
10. Attach OAK-D Device
11. Run Example:
```Shell
cd
cd SpecAI_depthAI_Project
source spectacularai_env/bin/activate
python examples/vio_visu.py
```


## 1.2. Adding ROS2 Mapping

NOTE: I took the ros2 folder and put it inside the SpecAI_depthAI_Project workspace folder. I think if you use a virtual environment, the folder might have to be placed inside it. else it did not work.
12. Install opencv:
```Shell
pip install opencv-python
pip install spectacularAI[full]
```
13. Build Mapping Example:
```Shell
cd
cd SpecAI_depthAI_Project
cd ros2
colcon build
source install/setup.bash
ros2 launch launch/mapping.py
```
14. Launch Mapping program:
```Shell
cd
cd SpecAI_depthAI_Project
cd ros2
source install/setup.bash
ros2 launch launch/mapping.py
```



# 1. Installing SpectacularAI (AMD64)

1. clone [SpectacularAI]